I'll show you where easter eggs come from -- you may be surprised!
Why do they call it PMS? Because Mad Cow Disease was already taken.
Men? On the whole, I'd rather buy new batteries.
What's the definition of black foreplay? Don't scream or I'll kill you.
Want to take a look at my benefit package?
I run faster horny than you do scared.
What do you call a prostitute with a runny nose? Full.
What's the difference between your job and a dead prostitute? Your job still sucks!
Drinking too much coffee can cause a latte problems.
Ever done it on a pile of artificial grass?
Hey gurl, how about you make the Patriots and deflate these balls.
Sacred cows make the best hamburgers.
You still use Internet Explorer? You must like it nice and slow.
Your eyes are as blue as my toilet water at home.
Three words to ruin a man's ego...? "Is it in?"
One day, a little boy wrote to Santa Clause, "Please send me a sister." Santa Clause wrote him back, "Ok, send me your mother."
Screw the nice list, I've got you on my &quot;nice and naughty list!
You need some more fuel for that fire? Cause I got some wood for you right here.
What's long, black and smelly? The unemployment line.
Why does the bride always wear white? Because it is good for the dishwasher to match the stove and refrigerator.
I'm as bored as a slut on her period.
Why can't single women fart? They don't get an asshole till they get married.
Always wear high heels, it makes it easier to look down on him.
Why do men snore when they lay on their backs? Because their balls fall over their assholes and they vapor.
If God hadn't meant the pussy to be eaten, he wouldn't have made it look like a taco.
Did you hear about the guy who died of a Viagra overdose? They couldn't close his casket.
I love every bone in your body, especially mine.
Lets unzip our genes and see if we can share codes together.
Why do women pierce their bellybutton? Place to hang their air freshener.
Hey Babe, when was the last time you did it in a sleigh?
You know, it's not the length of the vector that counts... it's how you apply the force.
Why do vegetarians give good head? Because they are used to eating nuts!
What do a nearsighted gynecologist and a puppy have in common? A wet nose.
Interested in seeing the &quot;North Pole&quot;? (Well, that's what the Mrs. calls it)
Life is like toilet paper, you're either on a roll or taking shit from some asshole.
Wanna get together and test the spring potential of my mattress?
What's got four legs and one arm? A Rottweiler.
What's the difference between a G-Spot and a golf ball? A guy will actually search for a golf ball.
I saw six men kicking and punching the mother-in-law. My neighbour said ‘Are you going to help?' I said ‘No, six should be enough.'
Hey, I'm not saying Hitler was a great guy, but he really saved the Histoy channel.
Why are women like KFC? After you've finished with the thigh and breasts, all you have left is a greasy box to put your bone in.
Why do men need instant replay on TV sports? Because after 30 seconds they forget what happened.
Why was Jesus a virgin when he died? Every time he touched a "wound" it closed.
What's the difference between a bowling ball and a blonde? You can only fit three fingers inside a bowling ball!
If a guy remembers the color of your eyes after the first date, chances are... you have small boobs.
How do you embarrass an archeologist? Give him a used tampon and ask him which period it came from.
Why is a man's pee yellow, and his sperm white? So he can tell if he's coming or going.
Let's both be naughty this year and save Santa the trip.
I'm the flower, you're the bee. Why don't you suck the sweet pollen right out of me?
What's worse than waking up at a party and finding a penis drawn on your face? Finding out it was traced.
Dad always thought laughter was the best medicine, which I guess is why several of us died of tuberculosis.
Are you from Pennsylvania cause I want to stick my pen in your sylvania
Hey Cutie ever do it in a sleigh?
I love my FedEx guy cause he's a drug dealer and he doesn't even know it — and he's always on time.
If you jingle my bells ill promise you a white christmas
Top quark or bottom quark?
Did you hear about the guy that lost his left arm and leg in a car crash? He's all right now.
Never hit a man with glasses. Hit him with a baseball bat.
What's the difference between your wife and your job? After five years your job will still suck.
What do you say to a blonde with no arms and no legs? Nice tits!